Results Reviewer Request part2 (#83)
greenelab/annorxiver_manuscript: content/04.results.md

The x-axis represents months since bioRxiv started, and the y-axis represents the proportion of preprints published given the month they were posted.
The light blue line represents the publication rate previously estimated by Abdill et al. [@doi:10.7554/eLife.45133].
The dark blue line represents the updated publication rate using only CrossRef-derived annotations, while the dark green line includes annotations derived from our embedding space approach.

> The horizontal lines represent the overall proportion of preprints published since the time of accessing the annotated snapshot.

Reviewer: I don't understand how this is the proportion of preprints published since when you accessed the annotated snapshot. Isn't it the proportion published now?

Author: >I don't understand how this is the proportion of preprints published since when you accessed the annotated snapshot. Isn't it the proportion published now?

My wording is off. Yes, it is the proportion published to date (excluding preprints not accounted for in the downloaded snapshot). I was trying to update this sentence based on what the reviewer asked (reproduced below), but realize it's confusing now. I'll update to clear confusion.

>adjusting for recency? i.e. not sampling 2019 preprints? in figure C the line indicates (if I'm interpreting correctly) that overall only 46.55% are published but that's because it includes very recent preprints that haven't had time to be journal published yet. Just be explicit that you are adjusting for recency (i.e. excluding 2019 and newer preprints) when you say that most preprints are eventually published.

Reviewer: It looks to me like you got this - is that right? If so 👍

](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danich1/annorxiver/392ae9765362437116efe3250317f41cddbb3232/figure_generation/output/figure_three_panels.svg){#fig:preprint_links_panels width="100%"}

> Distances between preprints and their corresponding published versions were nearly always lower than preprints paired with a random article published in the same journal (Figure {@fig:preprint_links_panels}A).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distances between preprints and their corresponding published versions were nearly always lower than preprints paired with a random article published in the same journal (Figure {@fig:preprint_links_panels}A) and the same was true using abstracts alone (Supplemental Figure {@fig:abstract_only_distance}).
```

> This suggests that embedding distances can identify documents with similar textual content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This suggested that embedding distances may predict the published form of preprints. 
```

> We also show that this trend holds when using abstract to generate document embeddings rather than full text (Supplemental Figure {@fig:abstract_only_distance}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Approximately 98% of our 200 pairs with an embedding distance in the 0-25th and 25th-50th percentile bins were scored as true matches i.e. preprints successfully matched with their published counterpart (Figure {@fig:preprint_links_panels}B).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We directly tested this by selecting low-distance but unannotated preprint-publication pairs and curating the extent to which they represented matching documents.
Approximately 98% of our 200 pairs with an embedding distance in the 0-25th and 25th-50th percentile bins were successfully matched with their published counterpart (Figure {@fig:preprint_links_panels}B).
```

This hints that there may be differences in the publication or peer review process or culture that apply to preprints in this category.

Examining peer review's effect on individual preprints, we found a positive correlation between preprints with multiple versions and the time elapsed until publication (Figure {@fig:publication_delay_panels}B). 

> Every additional preprint version adds 51 days before a preprint is published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every additional preprint version was associated with an increase of 51 days before a preprint was published.
```
